Fix sidebar for Cookie Store API (#17460)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/extendablecookiechangeevent/index.md

  - Interface
  - Reference
  - ExtendableCookieChangeEvent
  - Experimental
browser-compat: api.ExtendableCookieChangeEvent
---
{{securecontext_header}}{{APIRef("Cookie Store API")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}

> The **`ExtendableCookieChangeEvent`** interface of the['Cookie Store API'](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Cookie_Store_API) is the event type passed to {{domxref("ServiceWorkerRegistration.oncookiechange()")}} when any cookie changes have occurred. A cookie change event consists of a cookie and a type (either "changed" or "deleted".)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`ExtendableCookieChangeEvent`** interface of the['Cookie Store API'](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Cookie_Store_API) is the event type passed to {{domxref("ServiceWorkerRegistration.oncookiechange()")}} when any cookie changes occur. A cookie change event consists of a cookie and a type (either "changed" or "deleted".)
```
